♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 3=
Your Majesty,
I've been
weary in body and mind of late.
I am in need of an assistant
to attend to you in my stead.
Absolutely not.
If you leave,
who's supposed to advise me?
I have the perfect candidate in mind,
someone I'm certain will suit
Your Majesty's tastes.
The perfect candidate?
Who?
Get in here.
Greetings, Your Majesty,
I am Xiao Man.
Look up.
(My name is Xiao Man.)
(What's your name?)
(I can't say.)
(Alright.)
(I'll call you Big Flower then.)
(You look so sad.)
(Here, let me teach you how to dance.)
Is it really you?
It's me.
What are you doing?
Get up.
Tell me,
how have these ten years been for you?
It must have been so hard.
No,
it must have been wonderful.
No.
It was just
an ordinary life.
There's nothing worth telling.
It's alright.
I'm glad you're back.
That's all that matters.
Look at me.
Have I grown
tall and majestic?
Handsome and dashing?
Come.
♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
Your Majesty,
from now on, it will be my duty
to attend to your daily needs.
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, it's time
for the morning court.
It's not a dream.
Please wash up, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty,
breakfast is ready.
Alright.
Come on.
Let's go together.
I wouldn't dare.
How could I share a meal
with you, Your Majesty?
From now on, between us,
such formalities are unnecessary.
It's alright.
We have plenty of time ahead of us.
How does it feel to be back?
Still the same as you remember?
Everyone's the same,
but it feels like
I'm the only one who's changed.
And His Majesty?
The place is the same.
The people aren't.
The arrangements have been made.
You will formally succeed me.
Beyond tending to his daily needs,
you'll assist His Majesty
in reviewing memorials.
This will free my hands
for more critical matters.
Don't be fooled
by His Majesty's playful facade.
Beneath it lies a meticulous mind.
You must tread with the utmost caution.
Yes, Godfather.
I'm Xiao Man, newly appointed
scribe of the Directorate.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
You're here, Xiao Man.
Come on.
Let's go dance outside.
Your Majesty,
there are many memorials today.
We should attend to them first.
Why won't you dance with me?
I want it to be just like
when we were little.
Your Majesty,
we have both grown up now.
We must be proper.
Matters of state must come first.
For the last ten years, Jia Yi has been
the one handling these memorials.
Whoever wants to deal with them
can deal with them. I'm not doing it.
Half the court
answers to my aunt,
the other half to Jia Yi.
What does it have to do with me?
Xiao Man,
now that you've taken his position,
why don't you just
handle them from now on?
Here.
Then
I shall read the contents
of the memorials to you.
Why bother reading them?
Just make your notations directly.
As you command.
"Severe flooding in Jiangnan
requires disaster relief funds."
Your Majesty, you should consult
with the Minister of Revenue
at tomorrow's court.
Xiao Man,
you've grown handsome.
A bit thin, though.
Want a chicken drumstick?
Reports from the border say
the Zhenzhe tribe might
be plotting something.
You know,
for the past ten years, I kept going
back to that dog hole to wait for you.
The Grand Princess's position
on this matter is...
I just came up with a new dance.
How about we try it together?
Your Majesty,
Your Majesty, please allow me
to review the memorials in peace.
Right. Right.
I'll stop talking.
Xiao Man,
why do you smell so nice?
Your...
Your Majesty,
it's getting late.
You should rest early.
I'll take these memorials back
and finish reviewing them.
Alright.
I should go have breakfast too...
No, I mean,
I...
I'll play around a bit longer.
Go on ahead.
See you tomorrow.
Yes, Your Majesty.
What's going on?
Why does everything feel so off?
Never mind.
I should just sleep.
It's been ten years, after all.
A lot must have happened in that time.
Even close friends
would feel awkward
meeting again after all that time.
It's normal.
It'll pass in a few days.
Hang on.
What's happening to me?
Why can't I stop thinking about him?
Your Majesty.
Xiao Man?
What are you doing here?
Didn't you say I smelled nice?
I've brought you this sachet.
When you smell it,
it'll be like I'm right by your side.
You smell nice.
♪I wanted to ask you
the meaning of forever♪
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪